He can't die, it's you who will die.
La, why are you here?
Of course I have to protect you from this tofu wave in this area.
You came here just in case, the second time.
Don't worry, in this world,
No one dares to hurt anyone,
Who is so embarrassed?
You, a dead woman, actually dare to luck.
Tianyu, laugh, there is no sense of weakness in this world, Guanwu.
I'll call my dad right now to take you back.
I don't think so. Your dad will have to go to the parking lot outside.
Don't bring Chen Yin here and wait.
You will feel good soon
I'll just watch you prepare your troops
I know what they're kidding
Start first and be slightly stronger
It's easy to look at him as a kid
Let me see you eat some scallops
Kneel down quickly
What's wrong with you
Why don't you kneel down quickly?
Real Queen